Total number of files 100
Training number of files 20
Villains are also common character types such as Tracy Barlow ( Kate Ford ), Alan Bradley ( Mark Eden ), Jenny Bradley ( Sally Ann Matthews ), Rob Donovan ( Marc Baylis ), Frank Foster ( Andrew Lancel ), Tony Gordon ( Gray O'Brien ), Caz Hammond ( Rhea Bailey ), Richard Hillman ( Brian Capron ), Greg Kelly ( Stephen Billington ), Will Chatterton ( Leon Ockenden ), Nathan Curtis ( Christopher Harper ), Callum Logan (Sean Ward), Karl Munro ( John Michie ), Pat Phelan (Connor McIntyre), David Platt ( Jack P. Shepherd ), Maya Sharma ( Sasha Behar ), Kirsty Soames ( Natalie Gumede ) and John Stape ( Graeme Hawley ). Among the finds stands out a tiny leopard made of mother of pearl, possibly of Sassanian origin, on display in the ground floor gallery of the Delphi Archaeological Museum . It owns land beyond its boundaries, including open spaces (parks, forests and commons) in and around Greater London, including most of Epping Forest , Hampstead Heath . Redacted "DaveNet" columns were published weekly by the web magazine " HotWired " between June 1995 and May 1996. "

@ 0 @
These sixteen nations are distinct and equal legal entities – the United Kingdom , Australia , Canada , New Zealand , Antigua and Barbuda , The Bahamas , Barbados , Belize , Grenada , Jamaica , Papua New Guinea , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Solomon Islands and Tuvalu . Another Swedish scientist, Johan Andreas Murray issued the "Regnum Vegetabile" section separately in 1774 as the "Systema Vegetabilium", rather confusingly labelled the 13th edition. When his colleague Richard Courant wrote the now classic " Methoden der mathematischen Physik " (Methods of Mathematical Physics) including some of Hilbert's ideas, he added Hilbert's name as author even though Hilbert had not directly contributed to the writing. He credits Paul Dixon , host of the " Paul Dixon Show ", a Cincinnati-based talk show also shown in Indianapolis while he was growing up, for inspiring his choice of career:

@ 1 @
Meanwhile, the parties in the European Democrats subgroup were growing restless and finally left following the 2009 elections, when the Czech Civic Democratic Party and British Conservative party formed their own right-wing European Conservatives and Reformists (ECR) group on 22 June 2009, abolishing the European Democrats subgroup from that date. In 1226 Duke Konrad I of Masovia summoned the Teutonic Knights for assistance; by 1230 they had secured Chełmno (Culm) and begun claiming conquered territories for themselves under the authority of the Holy Roman Empire , although these claims were rejected by the Poles, whose ambition had been to conquer Prussia all along. The film is a musical biography of lyricist Gus Kahn . Chicago has a network of Lutheran school s, and several private schools are run by other denominations and faiths, such as the Ida Crown Jewish Academy in West Ridge .

@ 2 @
While many political parties are active, power lies firmly in the hands of President Déby and his political party, the Patriotic Salvation Movement . The Battle of Talas in 751 AD was a conflict between the Arab Abbasid Caliphate and the Chinese Tang dynasty over the control of Central Asia . Its first schoolmaster, Rev. Ralph Wheelock , a Clare College graduate, was paid 20 pounds annually to instruct the youth of the community. In 2001, the Wyandotte National Wildlife Refuge was absorbed into the larger Detroit River International Wildlife Refuge , a cooperative effort between the United States and Canada to preserve the area as an ecological refuge.

@ 3 @
Note that traditional Berkeley DB also supports a Java API, but it does so via JNI and thus requires an installed native library. A movie tie-in featuring artwork from the film and a cover version by Ennio Morricone was released in Europe, though the album's other tracks were from " A Fistful of Dollars " and " For a Few Dollars More ". A previously unknown novel of Forester's entitled "The Pursued" was discovered in 2003 and published by Penguin Classics on 3 November 2011. In Hungary , when the Soviets installed a communist government, Mátyás Rákosi was appointed General Secretary of the Hungarian Communist Party , which began one of the harshest dictatorships in Europe under the People's Republic of Hungary .

@ 4 @
Northern China fragmented into a series of independent kingdoms , most of which were founded by Xiongnu , Xianbei , Jie , Di and Qiang rulers. Batman (Bruce Wayne) is a superhero appearing in American comic book s published by DC Comics who debuted in " The Case of the Chemical Syndicate ", a story published in " Detective Comics " #27 (May 1939). Warner Bros. slotted the show to premiere on its nascent Prime Time Entertainment Network (PTEN). He delivered the 1977 series of Royal Institution Christmas Lectures in London.

@ 5 @
Spider Robinson noted that he enjoyed the book, "even as [he] was driving a truck through the holes in its logic, because it had the same majestic rolling grandeur of the previous book." The City has only one directly maintained primary school, Sir John Cass's Foundation Primary School at Aldgate (ages 4 to 11). The design was from the hand of Massimo Tamburini , who also designed the Ducati 916 and MV Agusta F4 . Artists like Crystal Gayle , Ronnie Milsap and Barbara Mandrell would also find success on the pop charts with their records.

@ 6 @
Other notable early successful disco songs include Barry White 's " You're the First, the Last, My Everything " (1974), Labelle 's " Lady Marmalade " (1974), Disco-Tex and the Sex-O-Lettes ' " Get Dancin' " (1974), Silver Convention 's " Fly, Robin, Fly " (1975) and " Get Up and Boogie " (1976) and Johnny Taylor 's " Disco Lady " (1976). The film received several Saturn Award nominations and a Golden Globe nomination, and won an Academy Award . To the south the Cotswolds, with the characteristic uplift of the Cotswold Edge, reach beyond Bath , and towns such as Chipping Sodbury and Marshfield share elements of Cotswold character. A Pentagon Inspector General report found that Rumsfeld's top policy aide, Douglas J. Feith , "developed, produced, and then disseminated alternative intelligence assessments on the Iraq and al Qaida relationship, which included some conclusions that were inconsistent with the consensus of the Intelligence Community, to senior decision-makers."

@ 7 @
The poet Christian Wernicke was born in 1661 in Elbląg, while Gottfried Achenwall became famous for his teachings in natural law and human rights law . The " Hanyu Da Zidian ", a compendium of Chinese characters, includes 54,678 head entries for characters, including bone oracle versions. Her only child was music producer and songwriter Terry Melcher , who had a hit in the 1960s with " Hey Little Cobra " under the name the Rip Chords ; he died of melanoma in November 2004. Grant Park holds Millennium Park , Buckingham Fountain (1927), and the Art Institute of Chicago .

@ 8 @
The Bee Gees used Barry Gibb 's falsetto to garner hits such as " You Should Be Dancing ", " Stayin' Alive ", " Night Fever ", " More Than A Woman " and " Love You Inside Out ". In 1347, the Genoese possession of Caffa , a great trade emporium on the Crimean peninsula , came under siege by an army of Mongol warriors of the Golden Horde under the command of Janibeg . Pattern-welded steel has been referred to as "Damascus steel" since 1973 when Bladesmith William F. Moran unveiled his "Damascus knives" at the Knifemakers' Guild Show. Amtrak has two stations in Delaware along the Northeast Corridor ; the relatively quiet Newark Rail Station in Newark, and the busier Wilmington Rail Station in Wilmington.

@ 9 @
In the mid to late 1970s, European acts such as Silver Convention (1974–1979), Boney M. (1974–1986), Love and Kisses (1977–1982), the "Munich Sound" by West Germany-based Donna Summer and producer Giorgio Moroder, whom AllMusic described as "one of the principal architects of the disco sound" with the Donna Summer song " I Feel Love " (1977), Moroder's disco music project Munich Machine (1976–1980), as well as Jean-Marc Cerrone and the Village People , defined the so-called Euro disco sound. The Islamist jihadist group Ansar al-Islam has been reported as operating in North Cameroon. Georg Steenke , an engineer from Königsberg, connected Elbing near the Baltic Sea with the southern part of Prussia by building the Oberländischer Kanal ( Elbląg Canal ). They first came to wide public attention by inventing modern day bungee jumping , by making the first modern jumps on 1 April 1979, from the Clifton Suspension Bridge , Bristol, England .

@ 10 @
Colombia cuisine also features a variety of tropical fruit s such as cape gooseberry , feijoa , arazá , dragon fruit , mangostino , granadilla , papaya , guava , mora ( blackberry ), lulo , soursop and passionfruit . In 2019, no MEPs were elected from the French Communist Party , the Danish People's Movement against the EU , the Dutch Socialist Party and from the Italian parties The Left and the Communist Refoundation Party . Roger Ebert of the " Chicago Sun-Times " gave the film four out of four stars. The study included the University of California , California State University and the community colleges.

@ 11 @
The Chicago Police Department made numerous arrests, and the extensive damage to the field forced the White Sox to forfeit the second game to the Detroit Tigers , who had won the first game. Frederick Cornwallis Conybeare thought any connection to be based on a misunderstanding of docetism. John Ngu Foncha , the leader of the Kamerun National Democratic Party . In Canada, "Coronation Street" is broadcast on CBC Television .

@ 12 @
Shortly after the Gems folded, it was announced a new team, the Dayton Demonz , would begin play in 2012 in the Federal Hockey League (FHL). In September 1994, Beckham made his first full appearance in the club's first team against Port Vale in a League Cup fixture. In the 1830s and 1840s a new development took place with the "permanent building society", where the society continued on a rolling basis, continually taking in new members as earlier ones completed purchases, such as Leek United Building Society . Much of the southern border is formed by tributaries of the Congo River , with the Mbomou River in the east merging with the Uele River to form the Ubangi River .

@ 13 @
The British National Crime Agency said in September 2018 that the authorities in the Cayman Islands were not supplying information about the beneficial ownership of firms registered in the Cayman Islands. As the voicing of stops was lost, however, the contrast shifted to the phonation of the attached vowels, which, in turn, evolved into a simple difference of vowel quality, often by diphthongization . Dill is the eponymous ingredient in dill pickles . The video also earned the group the MTV Video Music Award for Best New Artist that year.

@ 14 @
It is based on H. P. Lovecraft 's Cthulhu Mythos , particularly " At the Mountains of Madness ", and is a follow-up to Infogrames' earlier " Shadow of the Comet ". After confessing his crimes to Gail in a two-episode handler, Hillman left the street for two weeks before returning with a suicidal impact on himself and his stepfamily; he kidnapped Gail, her children Sarah and David ( Jack P. Shepherd ), and granddaughter Bethany, before driving them into a canal – though the Platt family survived whilst Richard drowned. He concluded, "I think that such a structure appears in hermaphrodite s who otherwise have well formed genitals, as Paul of Aegina describes, but I have never once seen in any woman a penis (which Avicenna called albaratha and the Greeks called an enlarged nympha and classed as an illness) or even the rudiments of a tiny phallus." During the few years after its foundation the British Museum received several further gifts, including the Thomason Collection of Civil War Tracts and David Garrick 's library of 1,000 printed plays.

@ 15 @
Born to a family of low status in Dalmatia , Diocletian rose through the ranks of the military to become a cavalry commander of the Emperor Carus 's army. The passage of the British Nationality Act 1981 , which reclassified the remaining Crown colonies as "British Dependent Territories" (renamed British Overseas Territories in 2002) meant that, aside from a scattering of islands and outposts, the process of decolonisation that had begun after the Second World War was largely complete. After Sun's death from cancer in 1925, one of his protégés, Chiang Kai-shek , seized control of the Nationalist Party (KMT) and succeeded in bringing most of south and central China under its rule in the Northern Expedition (1926–1927). Chad's currency is the CFA franc .

@ 16 @
The European Free Alliance (EFA) is a European political party that consists of various regionalist political parties in Europe. Office space development has intensified especially in the central, northern and eastern parts, with skyscrapers including 30 St. Mary Axe ("the Gherkin"'), Leadenhall Building ("the Cheesegrater"), 20 Fenchurch Street ("the Walkie-Talkie"), the Broadgate Tower and the Heron Tower , the tallest in the City. Ana María Matute , Jaime Gil de Biedma , Manuel Vázquez Montalbán and Juan Goytisolo are among the most prominent Catalan writers in the Spanish language since the democratic restoration in Spain. Following their dramatic defeat, the Yemeni faction migrated to Syria in the Jebel-Druze region and its capital, As-Suwayda .

@ 17 @
Winer started "DaveNet", "a stream-of-consciousness newsletter distributed by e-mail" in November 1994 and maintained Web archives of the "goofy and informative" 800-word essays since January 1995, which earned him a Cool Site of the Day award in March 1995. In the Ancient Greek colony of Lycia in Anatolia , one of these edifices is located at the tomb of Xanthos . It was powered by a two-chamber Armstrong Siddeley Stentor Mark 101 rocket engine, burning a combination of hydrogen peroxide and kerosene . One of the knives required of an American Bladesmith Society Mastersmith is the construction of an "art knife" or a "European style" dagger.

@ 18 @
The shift instructions perform arithmetic right shift , and logical left and right shifts . Melvil Dewey (1851–1931) was an American librarian and self-declared reformer. When Rosa became 12 years old he also discovered and started to enjoy the Superman titles of DC Comics especially from the editor Mort Weisinger 's period, drawn mostly by his favorite Superman artists Curt Swan and Kurt Schaffenberger . In 100 CE, the famed Han dynasty scholar Xu Shen classified characters into six categories, namely pictograph s, simple ideograph s, compound ideographs, phonetic loans, phonetic compounds and derivative characters.

@ 19 @
At the start of eleventh century the Catalan Counties suffer an important process of feudalisation, partially controlled by the Peace and Truce Assemblies and by the power and negotiation skills of the Counts of Barcelona like Ramon Berenguer I . The filmmaker purchased the Old Chain of Rocks Bridge for one dollar from the government and then gave it back to them, for the same amount, once production was completed, "so that they wouldn't have any liability," Hill remembers. It sometimes includes independent MEPs and/or deputies from unaffiliated national parties.. The EPP Group comprises politicians of Christian-democratic , conservative and liberal-conservative orientation. At the same time, some Cape Verdeans were serving in the People's Revolutionary Armed Forces (, FARP), the military wing of the African Party for the Independence of Guinea and Cape Verde that was fighting for the joint independence of Guinea and Cape Verde in the Guinea-Bissau War of Independence .

@ 20 @
Many major global companies have their headquarters in the City, including Aviva , BT Group , Lloyds Banking Group , Old Mutual , Prudential , Schroders , Standard Chartered , and Unilever . However these three aircraft were supplemented in 1991 by a Dornier Do 228 light aircraft equipped for use by the Coast Guard, and, in the late 1990s by an EMB-110 aircraft from Brazil, similarly equipped for maritime operations. Peter Lewis Allen writes that Brown's views caused outrage, and he died penniless after being expelled from the Obstetrical Society . There also exists a subtropical humid climate which is very influenced by the ocean in the middle of the islands of La Gomera , Tenerife and La Palma , where the laurisilva forests grow.

@ 21 @
However, Mauritius objected, stating this was contrary to its legal rights, and on 18 March 2015, the Permanent Court of Arbitration ruled that the Chagos Marine Protected Area was illegal under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea as Mauritius had legally binding rights to fish in the waters surrounding the Chagos Archipelago, to an eventual return of the Chagos Archipelago, and to the preservation of any minerals or oil discovered in or near the Chagos Archipelago prior to its return. For example, a day ticket on the Nederlandse Spoorwegen (Dutch Railways) is valid for 28 hours, from 0:00 to 28:00 (that is, 4:00 the next day); the validity of a pass on Transport for London (TfL) services is until the end of the "transport day" – that is to say, until 4:30 am on the day after the "expires" date stamped on the pass. In reality, after winning the 100 metres race, Abrahams ran the 200 metres but finished last, Jackson Scholz taking the gold medal. Chan 1963:35–37), by Chinese historian Sima Qian (c. 145–86 BC), which combines three stories.

@ 22 @
In 2011, Dennis Tanner ( Philip Lowrie ), another character from the first episode, returned to "Coronation Street" after a 43-year absence. In September 2017, Rohrabacher supported the Trump administration's rescinding of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, saying that those "in Congress must work to prevent such cynical loopholes from being created again by executive fiat" despite their possible empathy for the immigrants. Castile was a much larger kingdom than Aragon, and it was inherited by Catherine's elder sister, Joanna . This scheme was made possible by the introduction of uniform postage rates across England in 1840.

@ 23 @
The Netherlands has hosted an annual domino-toppling exhibition called Domino Day since 1986. He attributes this both to the rich endowments of the colleges at Oxford and Cambridge , which made the income of professors independent of their ability to attract students, and to the fact that distinguished men of letters could make an even more comfortable living as ministers of the Church of England . Transistor amplifiers (or solid state amplifiers) are the most common type of amplifier in use today. Some of the popular singing cowboy s from the era were Gene Autry , the Sons of the Pioneers , and Roy Rogers .

@ 24 @
On the Western Front the tide would first turn in favour of the Central Powers in spring 1918 , before decisively turning in favour of the Allies from July 1918 onwards. Two notable examples of this are the ARM compliant AMULET and the MIPS R3000 compatible MiniMIPS. The Roman Empire entered a long period of instability and decline , including the Carausian Revolt in Britain. In Asia, some Chinese armed forces use crossbows, including the special force Snow Leopard Commando Unit of the People's Armed Police and the People's Liberation Army .

@ 25 @
Donaldson ran away to New York, where, he later wrote, "The gays of New York welcomed me enthusiastically, offered hospitality, and 'brought me out' as a ' butch ' homosexual (in contrast to the "queens"). Other disco-styled songs that made it into the top 40 were Robin Thicke 's " Blurred Lines " (number one), Justin Timberlake 's " Take Back the Night " (number 29), Bruno Mars ' " Treasure " (number five) and Michael Jackson's posthumous release " Love Never Felt So Good " (number nine). This procedure can also be done proactively, when areas of the vascular system become occluded from Atherosclerosis . This attracts criticism from the Cambridge college masters ( John Gielgud and Lindsay Anderson ), who allege it is not gentlemanly for an amateur to "play the tradesman" by employing a professional coach.

@ 26 @
Cameroon also faces a complaint filed with the African Commission on Human Rights by the Southern Cameroons National Council (SCNC) and the Southern Cameroons Peoples Organisation (SCAPO) against the Government of the Republic of Cameroon, in which the complainants allege that the Republic of Cameroon is illegally occupying the territory of Southern Cameroons . Labor conflicts followed the industrial boom and the rapid expansion of the labor pool, including the Haymarket affair on May 4, 1886, and in 1894 the Pullman Strike . Hume's writings on ethics began in the "Treatise" and were refined in his " An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals " (1751). Among the most popular in this series were: 1N34A/1N270 (germanium signal), 1N914/ 1N4148 (silicon signal), 1N400x (silicon 1A power rectifier), and 1N580x (silicon 3A power rectifier).

@ 27 @
Radio DJs or radio personalities introduce and play music broadcast on AM , FM , digital or Internet radio stations. Boy bands' popularity peaked four times: in the 1960s (e.g., The Jackson 5 ), in the 1990s and early 2000s when acts such as the Backstreet Boys , *NSYNC , A1 and Westlife , among others, dominated the top of the " Billboard " and pop charts, in the early 2010s with the emergence of new boy bands such as JLS , Big Time Rush and One Direction , and in the late 2010s with pop groups such as BTS and Brockhampton . Sayyidah Ruqayya Mosque , the shrine of the youngest daughter of Husayn ibn Ali , can also be found near the Umayyad Mosque. Server-side usage eventually started to grow in the late-2000s, with the creation of Node.js and other approaches .

@ 28 @
Chicago is also featured in a few video games, including " Watch Dogs " and " Midtown Madness ", a real-life, car-driving simulation game. A concurrency model for Eiffel, based on the concepts of design by contract, is SCOOP , or "Simple Concurrent Object-Oriented Programming", not yet part of the official language definition but available in EiffelStudio . Semi-professional leagues have grown in popularity in recent years, with the Alberta Football League becoming especially popular. He ceded Kalhora , one of the Sindh territories of Sibi -Kachi, to the Khanate of Kalat .

@ 29 @
Much material which had been intensively studied by Linné in his scientific career belonged to the collection of Queen Lovisa Ulrika (1720–1782) (in the Linnean publications referred to as "Museum Ludovicae Ulricae" or "M. L. U."). Chicago was also the site of the Schwinn Bicycle Company . Dog tags are traditionally part of the makeshift battlefield memorials soldiers created for their fallen comrades. The 2010 feature film " A Screaming Man " won the Jury Prize at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival , making Haroun the first Chadian director to enter, as well as win, an award in the main Cannes competition.

@ 30 @
A long civil war (1135–54) had been fought the last time a woman ( Empress Matilda ) had inherited the throne. In Hindu texts she is known as Kundalini , while in Buddhist texts she is called Candali or Tummo (Tibetan: "gtum mo", "fierce one"). Their conditions were different as well, as Mary Clemmer Ames summed it up, "The balls entered the skull of each at nearly the same spot, but the trifling difference made an immeasurable difference in the sufferings of the two. The Canary Islands were also formerly home to a population of the rarest pinniped in the world, the Mediterranean monk seal .

@ 31 @
Stability of their respiration and circulation is sustained through the use of intubation , ventilation , administration of intravenous fluids or blood and other supportive care as needed. Other Motown artists who scored disco hits include: Robinson's former group, the Miracles, with "Love Machine" (1975), Eddie Kendricks with "Keep On Truckin'" (1973), the Originals with " Down to Love Town " (1976) and Thelma Houston with her cover of the Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes song " Don't Leave Me This Way " (1976). In 2007, Downtown Detroit was recognized as the best city neighborhood in which to retire among the United States' largest metro areas by CNN Money Magazine editors. These range from formal gardens such as the one in Finsbury Circus , containing a bowling green and bandstand , to churchyards such as St Olave Hart Street , to water features and artwork in courtyards and pedestrianised lanes.

@ 32 @
The earliest models of the Nova processed math serially in 4-bit packets, using a single 74181 bitslice ALU . These include the $82 million reconstruction of downtown's David Whitney Building (now an Aloft Hotel and luxury residences), the Woodward Garden Block Development in Midtown, the residential conversion of the David Broderick Tower in downtown, the rehabilitation of the Book Cadillac Hotel (now a Westin and luxury condos) and Fort Shelby Hotel (now Doubletree) also in downtown, and various smaller projects. A number of genetic conditions are associated with heart defects including Down syndrome , Turner syndrome , and Marfan syndrome . The museum houses the National Aviation Hall of Fame .

@ 33 @
Chicago also has a high concentration of post-baccalaureate institutions, graduate schools, seminaries, and theological schools, such as the Adler School of Professional Psychology , The Chicago School of Professional Psychology , the Erikson Institute , The Institute for Clinical Social Work , the Lutheran School of Theology at Chicago , the Catholic Theological Union , the Moody Bible Institute , the John Marshall Law School and the University of Chicago Divinity School . In the Bible , the devil is identified with "the dragon" and "the old serpent" seen in the Book of Revelation (12:9, 20:2), as has "the prince of this world" in the Gospel of John (12:31, 14:30); and "the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience" in the Epistle to the Ephesians (2:2); and "the god of this world" in 2 Corinthians (4:4). In 2002, Be Inc. sued Microsoft claiming that Hitachi had been dissuaded from selling PCs loaded with BeOS, and that Compaq had been pressured not to market an Internet appliance in partnership with Be. When his son Chiang Ching-kuo died in 1988, he was entombed in a separate mausoleum in nearby Touliao (頭寮).

@ 34 @
Consequently, the show has a long tradition of psychologically abused husbands, most famously Stan Ogden ( Bernard Youens ) and Jack Duckworth ( Bill Tarmey ), husbands of Hilda and Vera Duckworth ( Liz Dawn ), respectively. Troy Cassar-Daley is among Australia's successful contemporary indigenous performers, and Kev Carmody and Archie Roach employ a combination of folk-rock and country music to sing about Aboriginal rights issues. Another way is systemic-to-pulmonary artery shunt in cases associated with pulmonary stenosis . Since the 1990s, leading ecological economist and steady-state theorist Herman Daly – a student of Georgescu-Roegen – has been the economics profession's most influential proponent of the entropy pessimism position.

@ 35 @
Imperial Universities were established to support its study and further development, while other schools of thought were discouraged. The world-renowned Catalan architects of this style are Antoni Gaudí , Lluís Domènech i Montaner and Josep Puig i Cadafalch . He appeared with Henry Rollins in a cover of Black Flag 's "Rise Above" for the album "". Philitas of Cos (fl.

@ 36 @
In April 2009 it was revealed that Eileen Grimshaw 's ( Sue Cleaver ) father, Colin ( Edward de Souza ) – the son of Elsie Tanner 's ( Pat Phoenix ) cousin Arnley – had slept with Eileen's old classmate, Paula Carp ( Sharon Duce ) while she was still at school, and that Paula's daughter Julie ( Katy Cavanagh ) was in fact also Colin's daughter. In 1982, the arrival of Channel 4 , and its edgy new soap opera " Brookside ", was one of the biggest changes for "Coronation Street". Howell had an affair with the then- prophet of the Branch Davidians, Lois Roden , while he was in his late 20s and she was in her late 60s. After Boganda's death in a plane crash on 29 March 1959, his cousin, David Dacko , took control of MESAN and became the country's first president after the CAR had formally received independence from France.

@ 37 @
In the United States, the Food and Drug Administration has categorized benzodiazepines into either category D or X meaning potential for harm in the unborn has been demonstrated. Houseman claimed to have written the libretto, based on Jean Racine 's " Athalie " and " Phedre ", although some confusion remains since Lucille Fletcher remembered preparing the lyrics. After the initial ship tests, Decca conducted tests in cars, driving in the Kingston By-Pass area to verify receiver accuracy. The magnet school with the largest enrollment is Lane Technical College Prep High School .

@ 38 @
"Duke Nukem 3D" features the adventures of the titular Duke Nukem , voiced by Jon St. John , who fights against an alien invasion on Earth. In the Syrian village of Tedef , a synagogue said to be the place where Ezra stopped over has been venerated by Jews for centuries. Rosenbaum sees similarities in the film's plot to "Mr. Arkadin", as well as the theme of nostalgia for loss of innocence throughout Welles's career, beginning with "Citizen Kane" and including "The Magnificent Ambersons", "Mr. Arkadin" and " Chimes at Midnight ". They left the record company in 1975 ( Jermaine Jackson , however, remained with the label) after successful songs like " I Want You Back " (1969) and " ABC " (1970), and even the disco song " Dancing Machine " (1974).

@ 39 @
He also provided voice talent in other titles such as "", " Spider-Man: The Movie ", " Spider-Man 2 ", " Spider-Man 3 ", " The Amazing Spider-Man ", and Dead by Daylight . Columbus is the headquarters of the engine company Cummins, Inc. T denotes Traditional Chinese characters , while S denotes Simplified Chinese characters . The cities of Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Las Palmas de Gran Canaria became a stopping point for the Spanish conquistador s, traders, and missionaries on their way to the New World .

@ 40 @
Some of the oldest neighborhoods are along the major Woodward and East Jefferson corridors, which formed spines of the city. Beckham had earlier announced that the 2012 MLS Cup Final would be his final game with the Galaxy despite having another year remaining on his contract. Soon afterwards, the Governor of Germany, Gnaeus Cornelius Lentulus Gaetulicus , was executed for connections to a conspiracy. The Khmer historically have lived near the lower Mekong River in a contiguous arc that runs from the southern Khorat Plateau where modern-day Thailand , Laos and Cambodia meet in the northeast, stretching southwest through the lands surrounding Tonle Sap lake to the Cardamom Mountains , then continues back southeast to the mouth of the Mekong River in southeastern Vietnam .

@ 41 @
The current through an arc light is unstable due to its negative resistance , and often breaks into spontaneous oscillations, causing the arc to make hissing, humming or howling sounds which had been noticed by Humphry Davy in 1821, Benjamin Silliman in 1822, Auguste Arthur de la Rive in 1846, and David Edward Hughes in 1878. Parish related "Duck Hunt" to the Wii Remote of the Wii in that they made their respective consoles more approachable and reach a wider demographic . It connects Skagit Bay , part of Puget Sound , with the Strait of Juan de Fuca . In 1963, pitchers Mickey Lolich and Denny McLain entered the rotation.

@ 42 @
However, Britain's " Channel 4 News " reported soon afterwards that a UK intelligence dossier that Powell had referred to as a "fine paper" during his presentation had been based on old material and plagiarized an essay by American graduate student Ibrahim al-Marashi . Sandy Petersen contacted them regarding writing a supplement for their popular fantasy game " RuneQuest " set in Lovecraft's Dreamlands . Sometimes the everyday person is a woman and the elf is a man, as in the northern British " Tam Lin ", " The Elfin Knight ", and " Lady Isabel and the Elf-Knight ", in which the Elf-Knight bears away Isabel to murder her, or the Scandinavian " Harpans kraft ". Burton approached Sam Hamm , a comic book fan, to write the screenplay.

@ 43 @
They include 23 in Koh Kong province , 2 in Kampot province , 22 in Sihanoukville and 13 in Kep city .[sic]" Most islands are, apart from the two small groups of the outer islands, in relative proximity to the coast. As the city expanded, a geometric street plan developed by Augustus B. Woodward was followed, featuring grand boulevards as in Paris . Professor Lawrence Davidson , of West Chester University , whose research focuses on American relations with the Middle East, argues that President Wilson and Congress ignored democratic values in favour of "biblical romanticism" when they endorsed the declaration. On January 26, 1661 Charles II issued the Royal Warrant that created the genesis of what would become the British Army , although the Scottish and English Armies would remain two separate organizations until the unification of England and Scotland in 1707.

@ 44 @
Anchors from the "SS Greater Detroit," a luxury steamship that toured the Detroit River from 1924-1950, and the famed " SS Edmund Fitzgerald ", a lake freighter that sank in a terrible 1975 storm, have notably both been recovered from the river. DTDs persist in applications that need special publishing characters, such as the XML and HTML Character Entity References , which derive from larger sets defined as part of the ISO SGML standard effort. To attain a Master Smith rating with the American Bladesmith Society that Moran founded, the smith must forge a Damascus blade with a minimum of 300 layers. However, such documents are still fully parsable in the "non"-standalone mode of validating parsers, which signals an error if it can't locate these external entities with their specified "public identifier" (FPI) or "system identifier" (a URI), or are inaccessible. (

@ 45 @
The last NES release to include "Duck Hunt" as a pack-in was the Power Set, which came with the Power Pad ; for that particular release the multicart added " World Class Track Meet " as a third selectable game with "Duck Hunt" and "Super Mario Bros." The game was released as a Virtual Console title for the Wii U in 2014. DNA was first isolated by the Swiss physician Friedrich Miescher who, in 1869, discovered a microscopic substance in the pus of discarded surgical bandages. On May 5, 1993, Gregory M. Herek , associate research psychologist at the University of California at Davis and an authority on public attitudes toward lesbians and gay men, testified before the House Armed Services Committee on behalf of several professional associations. Dr. Wijdicks studied 30 films (made between 1970 and 2004) that portrayed actors in prolonged comas, and he concluded that only two films accurately depicted the state of a coma victim and the agony of waiting for a patient to awaken: " Reversal of Fortune " (1990) and " The Dreamlife of Angels " (1998).

@ 46 @
Statistical associating fluid theory (SAFT) equations of state use statistical mechanical methods (in particular perturbation theory ) to describe the interactions between molecules in a system. And now road construction is on going from the Thailand border at Poipet to Siem Reap ( Angkor Wat ). Disco hit the television airwaves as part of the music/dance variety show "Soul Train" in 1971 hosted by Don Cornelius , then Marty Angelo 's " Disco Step-by-Step Television Show " in 1975, Steve Marcus' "Disco Magic/Disco 77", Eddie Rivera's "Soap Factory", and Merv Griffin 's " Dance Fever ", hosted by Deney Terrio , who is credited with teaching actor John Travolta to dance for his role in the film " Saturday Night Fever ", as well as DANCE, based out of Columbia, South Carolina . Domestically-owned debit card networks operating in Indonesia include Debit BCA (and its Prima network's counterpart, Prima Debit) and Mandiri Debit .

@ 47 @
The Country Music Association was founded in 1958, in part because numerous country musicians were appalled by the increased influence of rock and roll on country music. Although " Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade " made the most money worldwide in 1989, "Batman" was able to beat "The Last Crusade" in North America , and made a further $150 million in home video sales. Rumsfeld reluctantly accepted an appointment by President Richard Nixon to head the Office of Economic Opportunity in 1969; appointed counsellor by Nixon and entitled to Cabinet-level status, he would also head up the Economic Stabilization Program before being appointed ambassador to NATO. There is also a heavy resemblance to Sellers' friend and occasional co-star Terry-Thomas and the prosthetic -limbed RAF ace Sir Douglas Bader .

@ 48 @
Upon returning to New York on April 8, 1944, he married Dr. Myra Adele Logan , then an intern at the Harlem Hospital . Although he failed to identify the true source of disease transmission, (i.e., the " Anopheles " mosquito ), he did correctly predict that " Artemisia annua " ( wormwood ) would become a source of antimalarial medications. Industrial activities are concentrated in the neighbouring communes of Boucau , Tarnos ( Turbomeca ), Mouguerre , and Anglet . He had an older sister, Domitilla the Younger , and brother, also named Titus Flavius Vespasianus .

@ 49 @
The University of Dayton and Wright State University both host NCAA basketball. Double outlet right ventricle is when both great arteries, the pulmonary artery and the aorta, are connected to the right ventricle. In the UK, mechanical engineers working in the areas of Medical Engineering, Bioengineering or Biomedical engineering can gain Chartered Engineer status through the Institution of Mechanical Engineers . Apollonius the Sophist (fl.

@ 50 @
J. J. Abrams , producer of the 2008 film " Cloverfield ", mentioned that a scene in his film, which shows the head of the Statue of Liberty crashing into a New York street, was inspired by the poster for "Escape from New York". " In 2003 Chad's sole literary critic, Ahmat Taboye , published his to further knowledge of Chad's literature internationally and among youth and to make up for Chad's lack of publishing houses and promotional structure. He began his military training at the Baoding Military Academy in 1906, the same year Japan left its bimetallic currency standard, devaluing its yen . In the story " Attack of the Hideous Space-Varmints ", the asteroid with Uncle Scrooge's money bin on it crashes into the Moon along with two missiles, creating a large Mickey Mouse head on the surface.

@ 51 @
Popular commercially published campaign settings for "Dungeons &amp; Dragons" include Greyhawk , Dragonlance , Forgotten Realms , Mystara , Spelljammer , Ravenloft , Dark Sun , Planescape , Birthright , and Eberron . The Country Music Association undertakes various initiatives to promote country music internationally. Professor Richard J. Ofshe , a leading expert on false memories, suggests that the feeling of well-being reported by pre-Clear at the end of an auditing session may be induced by post-hypnotic suggestion . In 1893, Colette married Henry Gauthier-Villars (1859 – 1931), a well-known author and publisher who used the pen name "Willy", and her first four novels – the four Claudine stories: "Claudine à l'école" (1900), "Claudine à Paris" (1901), "Claudine en ménage" (1902), and "Claudine s'en va" (1903) – appeared under his name. (

@ 52 @
Major characters like Commissioner Loeb , Detective Flass and Carmine 'The Roman' Falcone are featured prominently in "Batman Begins". Elephant poaching , particularly in the south of the country in areas such as Zakouma National Park , is a severe problem. The Sub-Roman or Post-Roman history of Dumnonia comes from a variety of sources and is considered exceedingly difficult to interpret given that historical fact, legend and confused pseudo-history are compounded by a variety of sources in Middle Welsh and Latin . In the Church of England , the Bishop of Norwich , by royal decree given by Henry VIII , also holds the honorary title of "Abbot of St. Benet."

@ 53 @
Former CW affiliate WGN-TV 9, which is owned by the Tribune Media , is carried with some programming differences, as " WGN America " on cable and satellite TV nationwide and in parts of the Caribbean . Benzodiazepine s are the first line of treatment, and high doses are often required. Since the 1980s, many motion pictures have been filmed and/or set in the city such as " The Untouchables ", " The Blues Brothers ", " The Matrix ", " Brewster's Millions ", " Ferris Bueller's Day Off ", " Sixteen Candles ", " Home Alone ", " The Fugitive ", " I, Robot ", " Mean Girls ", " Wanted ", " Batman Begins ", " The Dark Knight ", In contrast, the Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) work on the complete set of resource record in canonical order.

@ 54 @
Some endemic mammals, the lava mouse , Tenerife giant rat and Gran Canaria giant rat , are extinct, as are the Canary Islands quail , long-legged bunting , the eastern Canary Islands chiffchaff and the giant prehistoric tortoises; Geochelone burchardi and Geochelone vulcanica . This was after being defeated in both their opening two matches for the first time, against Italy and Uruguay in Group D. In 1950, four teams remained after the first round, in 1958 eight teams remained and in 2014 sixteen teams remained. He also designed album covers for artists such as Duke Ellington and Coleman Hawkins . The " Quad-City Times " is based out of Davenport and " The Dispatch/Rock Island Argus " is based out of Moline.

@ 55 @
Houseman wrote that Kane is a synthesis of different personalities, with Hearst's life used as the main source. He too was proven to be an imposter and was sent to prison for perjury, and then to the Government Hospital for the Insane . Between 1994 and 1996, Terry Venables managed the team. The "Daily Mail" review of 1 June 1897 proclaimed it a classic of Gothic horror , "In seeking a parallel to this weird, powerful, and horrorful story our mind reverts to such tales as " The Mysteries of Udolpho ", " Frankenstein ", " The Fall of the House of Usher " ... but Dracula is even more appalling in its gloomy fascination than any one of these."

@ 56 @
The Deane play and its Balderston revisions introduced an expanded role and history for Renfield, who now replaced Jonathan Harker as Dracula's solicitor in the first part of the story; combined Mina Harker and Lucy Westenra into a single character named Lucy (though both Mina and Lucy would appear in the subsequent film); and omitted both Arthur Holmwood and Quincey Morris entirely. In 1998 former majority leader Trent Lott succeeded in instituting an annual " National Tartan Day " on 6 April by resolution of the United States Senate . Blue Shirt" is thought to be a portrait of Jacob Lawrence . Michael Commons enhanced and simplified Bärbel Inhelder and Piaget's developmental theory and offers a standard method of examining the universal pattern of development.

@ 57 @
It was the work of Wolpe and Watson, which was based on Ivan Pavlov 's work on learning and conditioning, that influenced Hans Eysenck and Arnold Lazarus to develop new behavioral therapy techniques based on classical conditioning . Notwithstanding Detroit's fall in the standings, the decade saw the debut of outfielder Al Kaline in 1953. The two-disc DVD included feature-length commentaries by Roger Ebert and Peter Bogdanovich , as well as a second DVD with the feature length documentary " The Battle Over Citizen Kane " (1999). Prominent debate over the quantity of vaginal nerve endings began with Alfred Kinsey .

@ 58 @
The Organización Nacional Indígena de Colombia (ONIC), founded at the first National Indigenous Congress in 1982, is an organization representing the indigenous peoples of Colombia. Annette Bening was cast as Catwoman after Burton saw her performance in " The Grifters ", but she dropped out due to her pregnancy. There are 700,000 members of the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch in Syria, who are the bulk of the Christian population alongside 400,000 Assyrians/Syriacs and 30-100,000 Armenians . Three years after al-Hakim's mysterious disappearance, the Arab tribes of southern Syria formed an alliance to stage a massive rebellion against the Fatimids, but they were crushed by the Fatimid Turkish governor of Syria and Palestine, Anushtakin al-Duzbari , in 1029.

@ 59 @
The Museum of London is based there, as are a number of other services provided by the Corporation. Approximately 75% of the island's population is in the Cape Breton Regional Municipality (CBRM) which includes all of Cape Breton County and is often referred to as Industrial Cape Breton , given the history of coal mining and steel manufacturing in this area, which was Nova Scotia's industrial heartland throughout the 20th century. In 1895, the International Institute of Bibliography, located in Belgium and led by Paul Otlet , contacted Dewey about the possibility of translating the classification into French, and using the classification system for bibliographies (as opposed to its use for books in libraries). Examples of these organisms include blueberry plants , hazel trees , the Pando trees , the Kentucky coffeetree , " Myrica ", and the American sweetgum.

@ 60 @
Frederick S. Boas dismisses the possibility of this identification, based on surviving legal records which document his "residence in London between September and December 1589". Later that year, Letterman made regular use of guest hosts—including Tom Arnold and Kelsey Grammer —for new shows broadcast on Fridays. Two IFC chapters have been awarded Top Chapters in 2008 by their respective national organizations; Pi Kappa Alpha , and Alpha Chi Rho . Colombia has three major national radio networks : Radiodifusora Nacional de Colombia , a state-run national radio; Caracol Radio and RCN Radio , privately owned networks with hundreds of affiliates.

@ 61 @
This included formation of Denver Taiko in 1976 and Soh Daiko in New York City in 1979. In 1875, the Sudan ese sultan Rabih az-Zubayr governed Upper-Oubangui, which included present-day CAR. After a series of battles, he was defeated by Scipio Asiaticus at the Battle of Magnesia in 190 BC. The second largest political party supported by Druze is the Lebanese Democratic Party led by Prince Talal Arslan , the son of Lebanese independence hero Emir Majid Arslan .

@ 62 @
The five native shrubs are: " Caesalpinia bonduc ", " Pemphis acidula ", " Premna serratifolia ", "Scaevola taccada" (often mispronounced "Scaveola"), and " Suriana maritima ". The term state consequentialism has also been applied to the political philosophy of the Confucian philosopher Xunzi . Some examples of armoured civilian heavy equipment are the IDF Caterpillar D9 , American D7 TPK, Canadian D6 armoured bulldozer , cranes, graders, excavators, and M35 2-1/2 ton cargo truck . Other common features include: a flat and wide face, a short neck, excessive joint flexibility, extra space between big toe and second toe, abnormal patterns on the fingertips and short fingers.

@ 63 @
The band played regularly on Tulsa, Oklahoma radio station KVOO and added Leon McAuliffe on steel guitar, pianist Al Stricklin, drummer Smokey Dacus, and a horn section that expanded the band's sound. Bum Rush the Show" ( 1987 ), " It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back " ( 1988 ), " Fear of a Black Planet " ( 1990 ), " Apocalypse 91... The Enemy Strikes Black " ( 1991 ), the compilation album " Greatest Misses " ( 1992 ), and " Muse Sick-n-Hour Mess Age " ( 1994 ). The city was also home to James Ritty 's Incorruptible Cashier, the first mechanical cash register, and Arthur E. Morgan 's hydraulic jump, a flood prevention mechanism that helped pioneer hydraulic engineering . However it is possible to see a pre-Celtic suffix "-ona" in the name of the Charente ("Karantona" in 875) or the Charentonne ("Carentona" in 1050).

@ 64 @
In response to the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion of 1961 and the presence of American Jupiter ballistic missiles in Italy and Turkey , Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev agreed to Cuba's request to place nuclear missiles on the island to deter a future invasion. Brain tells Snake that the Duke plans to lead a mass escape across the Queensboro Bridge by using the president as a human shield and following a landmine map that Brain has drawn up. Coronary circulation is the circulation of blood in the blood vessel s of the heart muscle ( myocardium ). These modified pickup trucks are referred to as "hilux" after the Toyota Hilux , the common model adapted.

@ 65 @
In the WNBA , the Washington Mystics enjoy a major following due to the presence of Wilmington native and University of Delaware product Elena Delle Donne . A 2003 compilation album, " Classic Masters ", was released only in the US, while 2005 saw the release of the album " She Will Have Her Way ", a collection of cover versions of Crowded House, Split Enz, Tim Finn and Finn Brothers songs by Australasian female artists. His government donated money to build the Taipei Grand Mosque on Taiwan. By December, the capital city of Nanjing had fallen to the Japanese resulting in the Nanking Massacre .

@ 66 @
Through James's wife Dorothy , Weizmann was to meet Rózsika Rothschild , who introduced him to the English branch of the family in particular her husband Charles and his older brother Walter , a zoologist and former member of parliament (MP). In 2014, Maddie &amp; Tae 's " Girl in a Country Song ", addressing many of the controversial bro-country themes, peaked at number one on the " Billboard " Country Airplay chart. This has led to some concern as stated by one member of the Cotswold District Council , "National Park designation is a significant step further and raises the prospect of key decision making powers being taken away from democratically elected councillors". The Persian naval victory at the Battle of Lade (494 BC) all but ended the Ionian Revolt, and by 493 BC, the last hold-outs were vanquished by the Persian fleet.

@ 67 @
However, the Government of the Cayman Islands have autonomy and often resolves important issues with foreign governments alone, without intervention from Britain. The first single " Better Be Home Soon " peaked at number two on both Australian and New Zealand singles charts and reached top 50 in the US, though the following four singles were less successful. The Central African Republic's two official languages are French and Sango (also spelled Sangho), a creole developed as an inter-ethnic lingua franca based on the local Ngbandi language . Bronze artifacts have been found at the Majiayao culture site (between 3100 and 2700 BC).

@ 68 @
The Dja and Kadéï drain southeastward into the Congo River . However, the intrigues of his interpreter, Felipillo , who had previously helped Pizarro in dealing with " Atahualpa ", almost thwarted De Almagro's efforts. Canadian football is also played at the bantam, high school, junior, collegiate, and semi-professional levels: the Canadian Junior Football League , formed May 8, 1974, and Quebec Junior Football League are leagues for players aged 18–22, many post-secondary institutions compete in U Sports football for the Vanier Cup , and senior leagues such as the Alberta Football League have grown in popularity in recent years. To accomplish the UK–US mutual defence strategy, in November 1965, the UK purchased the Chagos Archipelago , which includes Diego Garcia, from the then self-governing colony of Mauritius for £3 million to create the British Indian Ocean Territory (BIOT), with the intent of ultimately closing the plantations to provide the uninhabited British territory from which the United States would conduct its military activities in the region.

@ 69 @
Of the area's many colleges and universities, the University of Chicago , Northwestern University , and the University of Illinois at Chicago are classified as "highest research" doctoral universities. Forester is also credited as story writer for several movies not based on his published fiction, including " Commandos Strike at Dawn " (1942). Well known popular artists mainly performing in English are Waylon , Danny Vera , Ilse DeLange , Douwe Bob and the band Savannah . The executions continued until at least 24 April 303, when six individuals, including the bishop Anthimus , were decapitated .

@ 70 @
Because of the fragile nature of the cave ecosystem, and the fact that cave regions tend to be isolated from one another, caves harbor a number of endangered species, such as the Tooth cave spider , liphistius trapdoor spider , and the gray bat. However, some cavalry still served during World War II , notably in the Red Army , the Mongolian People's Army , the Royal Italian Army , the Romanian Army , the Polish Land Forces , and light reconnaissance units within the Waffen SS . According to data from the 2012 European Social Survey, around a third of European Christians say they attend services once a month or more, Conversely about more than two-thirds of Latin American Christians; according to the World Values Survey , about 90% of African Christians (in Ghana, Nigeria, Rwand], South Africa and Zimbabwe) said they attended church regularly. It is a three-island archipelago in the Caribbean Sea , consisting of Grand Cayman , Cayman Brac , and Little Cayman .

@ 71 @
In 2006, the university established the Thomas R. Kline School of Law , and in 2011 the School of Law achieved full accreditation by the American Bar Association . Her mother was the daughter of prominent businessman John Wheeler Leavitt of New York City and his wife Cecilia Kent of Suffield, Connecticut . After the conquest of Toledo in 1086 by Alfonso VI , the Crown of Castille and the Crown of Aragon dominated large parts of the peninsula. Besides the two steles, bible scholar and egyptologist Kenneth Kitchen suggests that David's name also appears in a relief of Pharaoh Shoshenq (usually identified with Shishak in the Bible, 1 Kings 14:25-27).

@ 72 @
At the 55th Academy Awards , "Das Boot" was nominated for six Academy Awards for ( Cinematography , Directing , Film Editing , Sound ( Milan Bor , Trevor Pyke and Mike Le Mare ), Sound Effects Editing , and Writing ). The first documented European discovery of the Columbia River was that of Bruno de Heceta , who in 1775 sighted the river's mouth. The Old Town () is located on the river Elbląg connecting Lake Drużno to the Vistula Lagoon , about from the lagoon and from Gdańsk. In 2002, four MEPs from the French Citizen and Republican Movement and one from the Danish People's Movement against the EU also joined the group.

@ 73 @
In 2004, "Coronation Street" retconned the Baldwin family when Mike's nephew Danny Baldwin ( Bradley Walsh ) and his wife Frankie ( Debra Stephenson ) moved to the area from Essex , with their two sons Jamie ( Rupert Hill ) and Warren ( Danny Young ). The Cape Verdean Army used to have its own air arm; after personnel training received from the USSR in 1982, three Antonov An-26 aircraft were delivered to Cape Verde – these were believed to be the only military aircraft possessed by the nation. Trixie is widely thought to have been his inspiration for his November 2007 book, " The Darkest Evening of the Year ", about a woman who runs a Golden Retriever rescue home, and who rescues a "special" dog, named Nickie, which eventually saves her life. Nonbenzodiazepine s are contraindicated during benzodiazepine withdrawal as they are cross tolerant with benzodiazepines and can induce dependence.

@ 74 @
In May 2016, Landmark Columbus launched Exhibit Columbus as a way to continue the ambitious traditions of the past into the future. She was mission specialist in charge of deploying the Chandra X-ray Observatory and its Inertial Upper Stage out of the shuttle's cargo bay. Eiffel was originally developed by Eiffel Software , a company founded by Bertrand Meyer . " "JavaScript hijacking" is a type of CSRF attack in which a codice_44 tag on an attacker's site exploits a page on the victim's site that returns private information such as JSON or JavaScript.

@ 75 @
On the other hand, organisations such as Plataforma per la Llengua reported different violations of the linguistic rights of the Catalan speakers in Catalonia and the other Catalan-speaking territories in Spain, most of them caused by the institutions of the Spanish government in these territories. Lawyers in both England and America learned the law from his " Institutes " and "Reports" until the end of the 18th century. Other ancient historic civil engineering constructions include the Qanat water management system (the oldest is older than 3000 years and longer than 71 km,) the Parthenon by Iktinos in Ancient Greece (447–438 BC), the Appian Way by Roman engineers (c. 312 BC), the Great Wall of China by General Meng T'ien under orders from Ch'in Emperor Shih Huang Ti (c. 220 BC) and the stupas constructed in ancient Sri Lanka like the Jetavanaramaya and the extensive irrigation works in Anuradhapura . Cervical stenosis is an abnormally narrow cervical canal, typically associated with trauma caused by removal of tissue for investigation or treatment of cancer, or cervical cancer itself.

@ 76 @
It consists of the Ground Force (which includes the air service ), the gendarmerie, and the National Police. In the mid-nineteenth century, John Birkbeck explored potholes in England, notably Gaping Gill in 1842 and Alum Pot in 1847–8, returning there in the 1870s. Vernon Dalhart was the first country singer to have a nationwide hit in May 1924 with " Wreck of the Old 97 ". Mauretania was a client kingdom of Rome ruled by Ptolemy of Mauretania .

@ 77 @
Attlee took Labour into the wartime coalition government in 1940 and served under Winston Churchill , initially as Lord Privy Seal and then as Deputy Prime Minister from 1942. He played for Manchester United , Preston North End , Real Madrid , Milan , LA Galaxy , Paris Saint-Germain and the England national team , for which he held the appearance record for an outfield player until 2016. The Dongzhi Festival or the Winter Solstice is celebrated as Lễ hội Đông Chí(冬至禮會)in Vietnam and as 동지(冬至)in Korea. Coleman graduated from Wilbert Tucker Woodson High School , Fairfax, Virginia , in 1978; in 1978–1979, she was an exchange student at Røyken upper secondary school in Norway with the AFS Intercultural Programs .

@ 78 @
The final poem of Kohelet () has been interpreted in the Targum , Talmud and Midrash , and by the rabbis Rashi , Rashbam and ibn Ezra , as an allegory of old age. The couple had two children, Jeremy and Dorion Sagan . James Dalton Trumbo (December 9, 1905 – September 10, 1976) was an American screenwriter and novelist who scripted many award-winning films including " Roman Holiday " (1953), " Exodus ", " Spartacus " (both 1960), and " Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo " (1944). During the 1996–97 season, Beckham became an automatic first-choice player at Manchester United, helping them to retain the Premier League title, and was voted PFA Young Player of the Year by his peers.

@ 79 @
The Detroit River flows for from Lake St. Clair to Lake Erie . Other popular musical styles were born in the second half of the 20th century such as Nova Cançó from the 1960s with Lluís Llach and the group Els Setze Jutges , the Catalan rumba in the 1960s with Peret , Catalan Rock from the late 1970s with La Banda Trapera del Río and Decibelios for Punk Rock, Sau , Els Pets , Sopa de Cabra or Lax'n'Busto for Pop Rock or Sangtraït for hard rock, electropop since the 1990s with OBK and indie pop from the 1990s. Smelted Cornish tin was collected at Ictis whence it was conveyed across the Bay of Biscay to the mouth of the Loire and then to Gades via the Loire and Rhone valleys. A commonly cited example of a duopoly is that involving

@ 80 @
Compiler correctness is the branch of software engineering that deals with trying to show that a compiler behaves according to its language specification . According to historian John Wheeler-Bennett , speaking from the British perspective,It was necessary for the Nazi régime and/or the German Generals to surrender unconditionally in order to bring home to the German people that they had lost the War by themselves; so that their defeat should not be attributed to a "stab in the back". Fernando Botero , Omar Rayo , Enrique Grau , Édgar Negret , David Manzur , Rodrigo Arenas Betancourt , Oscar Murillo , Doris Salcedo and Oscar Muñoz are some of the Colombian artists featured at the international level. There are several national and International organizations offering studies and statistics about global and local crime activity, such as United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime , the United States of America Overseas Security Advisory Council ( OSAC ) safety report or national reports generated by the law-enforcement authorities of EU state member reported to the Europol .

@ 81 @
He portrayed Sam Axe , a beer-chugging, former Navy SEAL now working as an unlicensed private investigator and occasional mercenary with his old friend Michael Westen , the show's main character. In 1819, the German chemist Friedlieb Ferdinand Runge isolated relatively pure caffeine for the first time; he called it ""Kaffebase"" (i.e., a base that exists in coffee). A 1955 restyle by newly-hired Virgil Exner saw a dramatic rise in Chrysler sales, which rose even more in 1957, when the entire line was dramatically restyled a second time with a sloping front end and high-flying tailfins at the rear. Chiang only won the campaign against Hu after a shift in allegiance by Zhang Xueliang , who had previously supported Hu Hanmin.

@ 82 @
The legislation was attributed to the efforts of Oregon Senator Charles McNary , Washington Senator Clarence Dill , and Oregon Congressman Charles Martin , among others. James Berardinelli of "ReelViews" enjoyed the film. " Performers who have received significant recognition outside of Cape Breton include Angus Chisholm , Buddy MacMaster , Joseph Cormier , first Cape Breton fiddler to record an album made available in Europe (1974), Lee Cremo , Bruce Guthro , Natalie MacMaster , Ashley MacIsaac , The Rankin Family , Aselin Debison , Gordie Sampson , Dawn and Margie Beaton, also known as " The Beaton Sisters ", and the Barra MacNeils . Gray, white and black come together to fight for space on an abstract canvas, in a softer form than the more harsh Franz Kline .

@ 83 @
From January 1997 until being sworn in as the 21st Secretary of Defense in January 2001, Rumsfeld served as chairman of Gilead Sciences, Inc. Gilead Sciences is the developer of Tamiflu ( Oseltamivir ), which is used in the treatment of bird flu . Dan Hsu of " Electronic Gaming Monthly " said it was unfortunate that it supports only two players instead of four, while " Sega Saturn Magazine " editor Rich Leadbetter complained at the multiplayer being only supported through the Sega NetLink and not the Saturn link cable, since the NetLink was not being released in Europe, effectively making the Saturn version single-player only to Europeans. After "Taking the Long Way", the band broke up for a decade (with two of its members continuing as the Court Yard Hounds ) before reuniting in 2016 and releasing new material in 2020. Vince Aletti described it "like going to party, completely mixed, racially and sexually, where there wasn't any sense of someone being more important than anyone else," and Alex Rosner reiterated this saying "It was probably about sixty percent black and seventy percent gay...There was a mix of sexual orientation, there was a mix of races, mix of economic groups.

@ 84 @
Thus the small parts of the two American champion runners, Jackson Scholz and Charlie Paddock, were cast with recent headliners: Brad Davis had recently starred in " Midnight Express " (also produced by Puttnam), and Dennis Christopher had recently starred, as a young bicycle racer, in the popular indie film " Breaking Away ". In recent decades the term "extreme sport" was further promoted after the Extreme Sports Channel , Extremesportscompany.com launched and then the X Games, a multi-sport event was created and developed by ESPN . Police initially had no leads and on March 2 and 3, Crime Stoppers produced a reenactment of the crime. As well, he is the generally recognized co-creator of the characters Sabrina the Teenage Witch , Josie and the Pussycats (the title character of which was named for his wife), and Cheryl Blossom .

@ 85 @
Emil Torday collected in Central Africa, Aurel Stein in Central Asia, D.G. Hogarth , Leonard Woolley and T. E. Lawrence excavated at Carchemish . He lampooned his stint two years later, during Billy Crystal 's opening Oscar skit, which also parodied the plane-crashing scenes from that year's chief nominated film, " The English Patient ". DNS responses traditionally do not have a cryptographic signature , leading to many attack possibilities; the Domain Name System Security Extensions (DNSSEC) modify DNS to add support for cryptographically signed responses. After the game, a bewildered Syd Owen said, "it was like playing men from outer space".

@ 86 @
Hedonism , for example, teaches that this feeling is pleasure—either one's own, as in egoism (the 17th-century English philosopher Thomas Hobbes ), or everyone's, as in universalistic hedonism, or utilitarianism (the 19th-century English philosophers Jeremy Bentham , John Stuart Mill , and Henry Sidgwick ), with its formula of the "greatest pleasure of the greatest number". In 1958, Saul Chaplin and Johnny Mercer wrote songs for "Merry Andrew", a film starring Kaye as a British teacher attracted to the circus. The Tigers varsity teams participate in the Atlantic University Sport (AUS) of the Canadian Interuniversity Sport (CIS). Within the city of Detroit, there are over a dozen major hospitals which include the Detroit Medical Center (DMC), Henry Ford Health System , St.

@ 87 @
The archipelago includes many smaller islands and islets: La Graciosa , Alegranza , Isla de Lobos , Montaña Clara , Roque del Oeste , and Roque del Este . The genre was also shaped by Tom Moulton , who wanted to extend the enjoyment of dance songs — thus creating the extended mix or " remix ", going from a three-minute 45 rpm single to the much longer 12" record. The Dragon Boat Festival or the Duanwu Festival is on the fifth day of the fifth month and is an official holiday in China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. During 1975–1976 he attended the National War College , Washington, D.C.

@ 88 @
Tacitus writes that the Praetorian Prefect , Macro , smothered Tiberius with a pillow to hasten Caligula's accession, much to the joy of the Roman people, while Suetonius writes that Caligula may have carried out the killing, though this is not recorded by any other ancient historian. Northside College Preparatory High School is ranked second, Jones College Prep is third, and the oldest magnet school in the city, Whitney M. Young Magnet High School , which was opened in 1975, is ranked fourth. She also created " Byker Grove ". It also has vestibular or clitoral bulbs .

@ 89 @
The original proposed version with four rounds (FEAL-4) can be broken using only eight chosen plaintexts , and even a 31-round version of FEAL is susceptible to the attack. The sixth generation of country music continued to be influenced by other genres such as pop, rock, and R&amp;B. Richard Marx crossed over with his " Days in Avalon " album, which features five country songs and several singers and musicians. It was recognized by the United Nations General Assembly in 2011. She had a major exhibition of 35 paintings at the Corcoran Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C., in 1912.

@ 90 @
After Emperor Wu , the empire slipped into gradual stagnation and decline. It has replaced a.out and COFF formats in Unix-like operating systems: Robbie Williams ' disco single " Rock DJ " was the UK's fourth best-selling single the same year. This developed into the music and dance style of such films as " Fame " (1980), " Disco Dancer " (1982), " Flashdance " (1983), and " The Last Days of Disco " (1998).

@ 91 @
The team at IBM involved in cipher design and analysis included Feistel, Walter Tuchman , Don Coppersmith , Alan Konheim, Carl Meyer, Mike Matyas, Roy Adler , Edna Grossman , Bill Notz, Lynn Smith, and Bryant Tuckerman . Heavy alcohol use also increases mortality among poly-drug users. A specimen of the Mongolia n oviraptorid " Citipati osmolskae " was discovered in a chicken-like brooding position in 1993, which may indicate that they had begun using an insulating layer of feathers to keep the eggs warm. In 1977, singer, songwriter and producer Willie Hutch signed with Whitfield's new label.

@ 92 @
For example, the construction cost of the New York County Courthouse , begun in 1861, grew to nearly $13 million—about $178 million in 2017 dollars, and nearly twice the cost of the Alaska Purchase in 1867. The contemporary architecture of Colombia is designed to give greater importance to the materials , this architecture takes into account the specific natural and artificial geographies and is also an architecture that appeals to the sense s. Perun is also sometimes conflated with the legendary hero Elijah of Murom . The Chinook tribe, which is not federally recognized , who live near the lower Columbia River, call it ' or ' in the Upper Chinook (Kiksht) language , and it is "Nch’i-Wàna" or "Nchi wana" to the Sahaptin (Ichishkíin Sɨ́nwit) -speaking peoples of its middle course in present-day Washington.

@ 93 @
The film represents the feature film debuts of William Alland , Ray Collins , Joseph Cotten , Agnes Moorehead , Erskine Sanford , Everett Sloane , Paul Stewart , and Welles himself. Within the Cotswold area lies Calcot Manor which can be accessed on the A4135 road from Beaverston and is located some west of Tetbury . The play was first published in 1594; the title page attributes the play to Marlowe and Thomas Nashe . The Kennedy administration had been publicly embarrassed by the failed Bay of Pigs Invasion in April 1961, which had been launched under President John F. Kennedy by CIA -trained forces of Cuban exile s.

@ 94 @
The founder of classical scholarship in Rome, L. Aelius Stilo may have profited from Dionysius' instruction, since he accompanied to Rhodes Q. Metellus Numidicus when the latter went into voluntary exile, and while Dionysius was still teaching there. The Mid-Autumn Festival is celebrated on the fifteenth day of the eighth month. As well, he is the generally recognized creator of the teen-humor characters Sabrina the Teenage Witch , Josie and the Pussycats , and Cheryl Blossom . IEEE 1101.10 covers the additional mechanical and electromagnetic interference features required for VITA 1.1-1997(R2002), which is the VME64 Extensions standard, as well as PICMG 2.0 (R3.0), which is the CompactPCI specification.

@ 95 @
He then taught himself filmmaking by matching its visual vocabulary to " The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari ", which he ordered from the Museum of Modern Art, and films by Frank Capra , René Clair , Fritz Lang , King Vidor and Jean Renoir . While these monstrous deities were present in almost all of Lovecraft's published work (his second short story " Dagon ", published in 1919, is considered the start of the mythos), the first story to really expand the pantheon of Great Old Ones and its themes is " The Call of Cthulhu ", which was published in 1928. On this point, psychologist Alison Gopnik has argued that Hume was in a position to learn about Buddhist thought during his time in France in the 1730s. In 2007, the first in a planned anthology of straight-to-DVD short stories entitled, "", was released by Warner Home Video , but no others were produced, due to funding issues.

@ 96 @
DNA's role in heredity was confirmed in 1952 when Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase in the Hershey–Chase experiment showed that DNA is the genetic material of the enterobacteria phage T2 . Its founding members were New Zealander Neil Finn (vocalist, guitarist, primary songwriter) and Australians Paul Hester (drums) and Nick Seymour (bass). During these years she embarked on a series of relationships with other women, notably with Mathilde de Morny, the Marquise de Belbeuf ("Missy"), with whom she sometimes shared the stage. According to Greek mythology, the Thracian king Haemus was turned into a mountain by Zeus as a punishment and the mountain has remained with his name.

@ 97 @
The Sauterelle replaced the Leach Catapult in British service and was in turn replaced in 1916 by the 2-inch Medium Trench Mortar and Stokes mortar . Hume had also written on religious subjects in the first "Enquiry", as well as later in the " Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion ". According to the Office for National Statistics , at the 2001 census there were over a million black people in the United Kingdom ; 1% of the total population described themselves as "Black Caribbean", 0.8% as "Black African", and 0.2% as "Black other". This is because they are umbria areas, situated in the north hillsides or slopes of the mountainous areas, oriented behind the sun in the Northern Hemisphere , in the shadyside orographic .

@ 98 @
At 3 am on Sunday, 3 December, a party of 276 soldiers and police, under the command of Captain John W. Thomas approached the Eureka Stockade and a battle ensued. Notable Dayton-based restaurant chains include Hot Head Burritos . Liberatus of Carthage wrote, in ', that those at the Council of Ephesus who followed neither Patriarch Cyril I of Alexandria nor Patriarch John I of Antioch were called '. Polydor decided not to sign the band after they learned that Dead Kennedys' next single was to be entitled " Too Drunk to Fuck ".

@ 99 @
The city also has an active garage rock genre that has generated national attention with acts such as: The White Stripes , The Von Bondies , The Detroit Cobras , The Dirtbombs , Electric Six , and The Hard Lessons . The early kingdom included the land of the Middle Saxons , later Middlesex, most if not all of Hertfordshire and may at times have included Surrey. In the aftermath of the British Invasion , many desired a return to the "old values" of rock n' roll. The main east coast line runs through the province connecting with the SNCF (French Railways) at Portbou on the coast.

@ 100 @
